README.md, before:

# Very-Specific-Hitman-Roulette

A randomizer for making Hitman Contracts that's very specific. It will draw kill conditions not only from what available on the level currently, but you can also input your mastery and it will draw items from that as well.

## This Roulette isn't for main missions. Only Contracts.

Features
- Accounts for Mastery and owned DLC's with kills.
- Saves your Mastery so you don't have to re-input each time
- Able to manually choose how many targets you want, can go up to 10.
- Generalized targets to allow players to choose whoever they'd like in their contract.

# USE:

Head to HitmanRoulette\HitmanRoulette\bin\Debug\net6.0\
and launch HitmanRoulette.exe

This will launch the roulette, and that's it, you've got it working!

Now, you will be asked to either create a profile or not. Included with the Github release are two profiles: "Snail", and "The Mafia" which is mine and AgentSnail's mastery levels respectively. You can type "Y" or "N" to either create or use an existing profile.

If you choose to create a profile you will be asked what DLC's you own, and your mastery on each level. Once input, all the information is saved to the "HitmanRoulette/bin/txt/Profiles" folder.

Then the randomizer will ask you how many target's you'd like, this can be any number from 1 to 10.

Now it will randomize and give you that many target's, drawing kill conditions from the map it chose and also possible items you can bring with you at your current mastery. For example, if Mendoza was chosen, you might be asked to kill a Guard with the wine press, or with an Iceballer.

NOTE: Spins above 5 targets are usually volatile and you won't be guranteed a functioning spin. It might contain both of the bugs mentioned above or something else stupid. Either re-spin or try a smaller number.

Commit message:

Various balance changes to kills, and fixes
Made The Author have it's own Housekeeper and Mansion Chef, which are marked as unique.

Removed ingested poisons from majority of the maps, 90% of the time you'd just get a target that never drinks or eats with a poison requirement. Syringes are unaffected, they were not removed.

Also along with this rebalance, various kills like Mumbai's crane and Santa Fortuna's Statue, or Berlin's Rave have all been removed since they were not fun and you'd just end up dragging someone to it, Mendoza's were kept since they're central and not in awfully public areas like majority of the rest.

"The Mafia" profile now has level 20 mastery on all maps except Freelancer. Congrats to me for playing the game.

Fixed Hokkaido and Patient Zero "Amos Dexter" and "Jason Portman" being mispelt in the unique list leading to them being handed out multiple times.

README.md, after:

# Very-Specific-Hitman-Roulette

A randomizer for making Hitman Contracts that's very specific. It will draw kill conditions not only from what available on the level currently, but you can also input your mastery and it will draw items from that as well.

## This Roulette isn't for main missions. Only Contracts.

Features
- Accounts for Mastery and owned DLC's with kills.
- Saves your Mastery so you don't have to re-input each time
- Able to manually choose how many targets you want, can go up to 15.
- Generalized targets to allow players to choose whoever they'd like in their contract.

# USE:

Head to HitmanRoulette\HitmanRoulette\bin\Debug\net6.0\
and launch HitmanRoulette.exe

This will launch the roulette, and that's it, you've got it working!

Now, you will be asked to either create a profile or not. Included with the Github release are two profiles: "Snail", and "The Mafia" which is mine and AgentSnail's mastery levels respectively. You can type "Y" or "N" to either create or use an existing profile.

If you choose to create a profile you will be asked what DLC's you own, and your mastery on each level. Once input, all the information is saved to the "HitmanRoulette/bin/txt/Profiles" folder.

Then the randomizer will ask you how many target's you'd like, this can be any number from 1 to 15.

Now it will randomize and give you that many target's, drawing kill conditions from the map it chose and also possible items you can bring with you at your current mastery. For example, if Mendoza was chosen, you might be asked to kill a Guard with the wine press, or with an Iceballer. Imported items are capped to 3, so the player can have up to 3 items they must smuggle or start with.

NOTE: Spins above 5 targets are usually volatile and you won't be guranteed a functioning spin. It might contain impossible targets or too many items you must import. Or something else stupid. Either re-spin or try a smaller number.
